 
 
5023712v4 
PROJECT JUPITER COMMUNITY BENEFITS AGREEMENT 
 
This Project Jupiter Community Benefits Agreement (“CBA”) is made and executed on this 12th 
day of November, 2025, by and among Red Chiles A, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 
Red Chiles B, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; Red Chiles C, LLC, a Delaware limited 
liability company; and Red Chiles D, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (collectively, the 
“Red Chiles”); Yucca Growth Infrastructure, LLC, a Delaware limited  liability company (“YGI” 
and together with Red Chiles, the “Companies”) and Doña Ana County, New Mexico (“County”) 
(Companies and the County each a “Party” and collectively are the “Parties”), for the benefit of 
the residents of the County, as related to the development by Companies and Green Chile Ventures, 
LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Green Chile”), of Project Jupiter, as defined and 
more thoroughly described in the Recitals, below. 
 
RECITALS 
 
WHEREAS, Companies intend to develop a hypersc ale data center campus, together with a co -
located microgrid (a self -contained energy system consisting of power generation and battery 
storage), infrastructure for power generation, and related assets (“Project Jupiter”); 
 
WHEREAS, the County desires to e ncourage economic development and job creation within the 
County, consistent with applicable laws, policies, and procedures; 
 
WHEREAS, the Project will be comprised of approximately 819 acres of private land in an 
unincorporated part of Doña Ana County, New Mexico (the “Project Site”); 
 
WHEREAS, the Parties desire to cooperate in the development of Project Jupiter and address some 
of the significant needs of local residents through this CBA; and 
 
WHERAS, the Companies and the County had previously entered i nto a Memorandum of 
Understanding (“MOU”) and now wish to formalize the agreements set forth in the MOU in this 
CBA. 
 
NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the above premises and mutual covenants and 
agreements herein set forth, the Parties do hereby agree to execute this CBA and agree as follows: 
 
I. Responsibilities of Companies 
As an inducement for the County to issue the  three series of industrial revenue bonds in the par 
amount of up to $165,000,000,000 for Project Jupiter (the “Industrial Revenue Bonds”), to support 
the community and meet some of the needs identified, Companies hereby agree to the 
commitments attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Companies’ Project Commitments”) and 
incorporated by reference.  The obligations under Exhibit A shall ext end so long as any of the 
Industrial Revenue Bonds remain outstanding. 
 
 
 
5023712v4 
 
The payments described in Exhibit B attached hereto and incorporated by reference (the 
“Supplemental Community Investment Funds”) shall be paid to the County by the Companies in 
the amounts and by the dates described in Exhibit B and the Supplemental Community Investment 
Funds shall be used by the County for the purposes outlined in this CBA. 
 
II. County Support Obligations 
The County finds that Project Jupiter will provide significant economic benefits to the County, the 
State, and its residents. The County may adopt resolutions from time to time supporting 
applications the Companies are making to other governmental entities in furtherance of Project 
Jupiter. The County agrees to budget  and use the Supplemental Community Investment Funds 
provided by this CBA for the purposes outlined in this CBA.  The County has authorized the 
issuance of Industrial Revenue Bonds and the provision of Local Economic Development Act 
support for the benefit of the Companies and Green Chile (collectively, the “Incentives”) pursuant 
to Ordinance Nos. 367 -2025, 368-2025, and 369 -2025, and agrees to proceed to closing on the 
transactions required to effectuate the Incentives contemporaneously with the execution of this 
CBA. 
 
III. Timelines, Enforcement, Expenses, Termination and Amendment 
The Parties intend for the rights and obligations created by this CBA to be both continuing in 
nature and cooperative, such that the Parties work together with due diligence and  good faith in 
furtherance of the terms and conditions of this CBA. 
Companies shall execute and perform each provision outlined in this CBA, within the timeframe(s) 
set forth herein; provided, however, that neither Companies nor the County will have any 
obligation to perform under this CBA if Companies elect to terminate as set forth in the fourth 
paragraph of this Section III, below. 
The Parties agree that (i) Companies will perform or cause to have performed the items set forth 
in Section I, above, at their expense and (ii) the County will perform or cause to have performed 
the items set forth in Section II, above, at its expense, except for costs and fees incurred related to 
the Industrial Revenue Bonds and Local Economic Development Act transactions.  
This CBA will remain in full force and effect until the commitments made by both Parties in this 
CBA are completed (the “Term”).  The Companies may terminate this CBA if all of the Companies 
abandon the Incentives on or before December 31, 2026.   Other than as set forth in the preceding 
sentence, this CBA may be amended or terminated prior to the Term only by written agreement of 
all the Parties hereto. 
The sole and exclusive remedy of the County in the event of a failure by the Companies to satisfy 
the terms of this CBA will be to avail itself of the applicable rights and remedies corresponding to 
such failure under the Companies’ respective Lease Agreements with the County  (the “Leases”) 
(subject to the Companies’ applicable notice and cure rights thereunder)  in connection with the 
Industrial Revenue Bonds, which shall include termination of the respective Leases (subject to the 
Companies’ applicable notice and cure rights thereunder).  For the avoidance of doubt, the County 
 
 
 
5023712v4 
shall have no separate claim for damages  or specific performance  under this CBA ; provided, 
however, that the County shall have the right to seek payment for unpaid amounts listed in Exhibit 
B from the Guarantor as provided in the Guaranty provided by Green Chile Ventures LLC for the 
benefit of the County dated November 12th, 2025. 
At the end of the Term, with mutual agreement from the Parties and/or their designated 
representatives, this CBA may be renewed under the same and/or any subsequent modified terms 
and conditions for an additional mutually agreed term.  
 
The Parties acknowledge and agree that Community Benefits Obligations as defined in the Leases 
shall include the obligations listed in Exhibit A and Exhibit B, except that when used in  Sections 
7.2(A), 8.1, 9.1, and the last sentence of the first paragraph of Section 5.10  of the Leases , 
Community Benefits Obligations  will only include the payments referenced under Exhibit B 
attached hereto. 
 
IV. Miscellaneous 
1) This CBA will be binding on and for the benefit of each of the Parties hereto and their 
respective personal representatives, executives, agents, attorneys, principals, agents, 
and assigns. With the written consent of the County, which shall not be unreasonably 
withheld, the Companies may assign this CBA to  another entity developing Project 
Jupiter under the Industrial Revenue Bonds .   Upon assumption of the obligations in 
this CBA by the assignee , appropriate amendments to the Leases under the Industrial 
Revenue Bonds as may be required, and an opinion of counsel to the assignee addressed 
to the County that the CBA is a valid, binding obligation of the assignee, the Companies 
shall be released from all obligations hereunder. 
2) The Parties agree that full and adequate consideration has been given by each Party 
hereto and each Party acknowledges the sufficiency and adequacy of said 
consideration. 
3) The Parties acknowledge that no promise, agreement, statement or representation, 
whether oral or written, not expressed herein or in the MOU, has been made to or relied 
upon by any one of them and that this CBA contains the entire agreement between the 
Parties. 
4) The recitals on page 1 are incorporated as a part of this CBA. 
5) If any term, provision, or clause within this CBA will be determined by a court of 
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void, or unenforceable, only that particular term, 
provision, or clause will be nullified. The remainder of the CBA will continue to be in 
full force and effect. 
6) This CBA will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of  the State 
of New Mexico without regard to its conflict of law’s provisions, and any dispute 
regarding this CBA shall be brought in the Third Judicial District Court in Doña Ana 
County. 
 
 
 
5023712v4 
7) This CBA may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which so executed 
and delivered will constitute an original and all together will constitute but one and the 
same agreement. 
 
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank]
AGREED AND ACCEPTED as of the date above first written:
[County Signature Page to CBA]
5008051v2

RED CHILESAjXLC
^by: X J ___________________
NanTcT^fWothy Kuester mothy Kuester
Title: Authorized Signatory Title: Authorized Signatory
RED CHILES C, LLC
rTTmothy Kuester
RED CHILES D, 1JX.
-----------------------
R^ameyTh»othy Kuester
Title: Authorized Signatory Title: Authorized Signatory
[Red Chiles Signature Page to CBA]

Title: Authorized Signatory
[YGI Signature Page to CBA]

 
 
 
5023712v4 
EXHIBIT A 
Companies’ Project Commitments 
1. The Companies commit to cause an initial capital investment of at least $50 billion within 
the first five years of the financing term, with a maximum aggregate investment of up to 
$165 billion over a thirty (30) year financing term. 
2. Construction is expected to commence in Q4 2025, pending approval of permits, industrial 
revenue bonds (IRBs) and related LEDA agreements, with initial capacity expected to be 
operational in Q4 2026 and completion of the initial 400 -acre phase, including the 
microgrid, expected by Q3 2028. 
3. During the construction period, anticipated to occur from 2025–2028, the Project expects 
to create at least 2,500 construction jobs onsite. 
4. To maximize local participation, the Companies will work with their general contractors, 
subcontractors, and facility operators to develop a strategy to inform, recruit, and prioritize 
local residents and businesses for both construction and long-term operational roles. This 
includes commitment to a “Doña Ana County First”  hiring strategy, working with the 
County to prioritize hiring locally. Project Jupiter is committed to creating a centralized 
project website with job board and hiring information, hosting informational sessions and 
creating a local vendor registry to pri oritize Doña Ana County hiring. Project Jupiter is 
committed to hiring locally to provide opportunities for New Mexicans. 
5. Job Creation. The Project is committed to creating a minimum of 750 new full -time 
equivalent jobs and 50 part -time jobs within three y ears of commencing operation as set 
forth in the Leases. These jobs will be located on the Project Site in Doña Ana County and 
will not be remote positions. 
6. Wages. These jobs created will have an average annual wage between $75,000 and 
$100,000. 
7. Utilities. The Parties acknowledge that the following infrastructure improvements are 
currently known to be required to support the Project. These infrastructure improvements 
are described below and subject to change as the Project advances  so long as any change 
does not represent a material deviation from the parameters described below:  
8.1 Potable Water – Potable w ater to be utilized for ongoing operations will be treated 
drinking water provided by CRRUA/Doña Ana County. The Project Jupiter data center 
will use a clos ed-loop cooling system, limiting overall water usage compared to 
traditional data centers. The daily operational potable water use for the full data center 
campus buildout will be an  average of 20,000 gallons per day  with a maximum peak 
use capped at 60,000 gallons per day. The Companies agree that they will fund the 
design, permitting and construction associated with any r equired extensions of public 
water main to connect to the existing water infrastructure along Highway 136 and serve 
the Project Site. In the event the County determines there is a benefit to upsizing this 
 
 
 
5023712v4 
proposed infrastructure to facilitate other needs in the County, the Companies are open 
to including this additional infrastructure in the Project design.  
8.2 Domestic Sewer - The Project requires construction of an onsite lift station on the 
northern portion of the Project Site and offsite extension of force  main to tie into 
CRRUA infrastructure. The Companies agree that they will fund the design, permitting 
and construction associated with any required extensions of force main to interconnect 
to existing wastewater infrastructure along Highway 136 and serve the Project Site. 
The Companies are engaging with CRRUA and Doña Ana County to understand the 
design parameters of the regional lift station, as shown on the Santa Teresa Strategic 
Infrastructure Plan, with the goal of identifying opportunities to upsize t he onsite lift 
station to incorporate the regional needs in addition to the Project wastewater discharge 
needs.   
8.3 Roadway Improvements – The Companies will align with Doña Ana County and the 
New Mexico Department of Transportation regarding the construction of the necessary 
offsite roads to connect the Project Site to Highway 136.   The Companies will be 
responsible for funding the design and construction of a roadway extension from the 
existing intersection of Highway 136 and Highway 9, extending east along the northern 
site boundary, or alternate access as agreed to by the Companies and the County,  to 
provide site access to the Project Site. 
8.4 Onsite Microgrid – Project Jupiter will power itself with an onsite microgrid system 
(the “Onsite Microgrid System”)  that includes natural gas generation, large -scale 
battery storage, and is actively exploring renewable energy integration in accordance 
with HB93. The microgrid and energy generated by the Onsite Microgrid System and 
used by the data center will be paid for by the Companies. The Onsite Microgrid System 
will not impact existing customers’ power reliability or costs. HB93 further requires 
that by 2045, all power from qualified microgrids must come from net zero carbon 
resources, aligning with the State of New Mexico’s energy transition goals. The Onsite 
Microgrid System will be permitted to use equipment and operations tha t meet or 
exceed federal and State of New Mexico air quality permitting standards. 
8.5 Environmental Studies.  As part of the site diligence activities to date, a Phase I 
Environmental Site Assessment has been completed and there are no Recognized 
Environmental Concerns or issues of note on the Project Site.  Environmental reviews 
are a required part of the permitting process, and the Companies will submit all 
environmental analyses required by state and local regulations. Project Jupiter is 
working with the app licable County, State, and federal agencies to complete all 
necessary studies before construction begins. These reviews cover overall 
environmental conditions at the proposed Project Site. 
 
 
 
5023712v4 
EXHIBIT B 
Supplemental Community Investment Funds Payment Schedule 
 
Initiative Description Aggregate 
Amount 
Payment 
Deadline(s) Allocation 
Local 
Workforce 
Development 
Education Fund 
Support for university, college and 
high school workforce development 
programs, including the construction 
of a Career and Technical Education 
Facility for Las Cruces Public 
Schools, new Public Safety Campus 
serving Otero and Doña Ana 
Counties, and the New Mexico State 
University Workforce Program.  
$4,000,000 
$4,000,000 on or 
before December 
31, 2026 
Red Chiles: 
$3,000,000 
 
YGI: 
$1,000,000 
Doña Ana 
County 
Community 
Fund 
Support Phase 1 of construction of a 
new Boys and Girls Club of Las 
Cruces at the El Paseo site within 
Doña Ana County. 
$1,500,000 
$1,500,000 on or 
before December 
31, 2026 
 
Red Chiles: 
$1,125,000 
 
YGI: 
$375,000 
 
Advancement of 
Desalination for 
Doña Ana 
County Clean 
Drinking Water 
Fund the recently closed RFP to 
advance the evaluation and 
exploration of a proposed 
desalination plant as a long-term 
solution to drinking water needs 
within Doña Ana County. 
$250,000 
$250,000 on or 
before December 
31, 2026 
Red Chiles: 
$187,500 
 
YGI: 
$62,500 
Doña Ana 
Community 
College 
Regional 
Connectivity 
Contribution 
Support regional connectivity 
between the Las Cruces and Santa 
Teresa campuses for Doña Ana 
Community College. 
$150,000 
$150,000 on or 
before December 
31, 2026 
Red Chiles: 
$112,500 
 
YGI: 
$37,500 
Doña Ana 
County Habitat 
Restoration 
Projects 
Support preservation, improvement 
and protection of key habitats 
around Doña Ana County. 
$1,000,000 
$500,000 on or 
before December 
31, 2026 and 
$50,000 annually 
thereafter, with 
the last payment 
occurring on 
December 31, 
2036 
 
Red Chiles: 
$375,000 and 
$37,500 annually 
Total: $750,000 
 
YGI: 
$125,000 and 
$12,500 annually 
Total: $250,000 
 
 
 
 
5023712v4 
County Projects 
(Building Permit 
Payments) 
Funds for County discretionary 
projects as consideration for building 
permit fee reduction. 
$4,500,000 
$500,000 on or 
before 12/31/25 
$1,500,000 on or 
before 12/31/26 
$1,500,000 on or 
before 12/31/27 
$1,000,000 on or 
before 12/31/28 
 
Red Chiles: 
2025: $375,000 
2026: 
$1,125,000 
2027: 
$1,125,000 
2028: $750,000 
Total: 
$3,375,000 
YGI: 
2025: $125,000 
2026: $375,000 
2027: $375,000 
2028: $250,000 
Total: 
$1,125,000 
 
 